audio interleaver (#5)
membraneframework/membrane_audio_mixer_plugin: README.md

## Description

Both elements operate only on raw audio (PCM), so some parser may be needed to precede them in a pipeline.

Audio format can be set as an element option or received through caps from input pads. All
caps received from input pads have to be identical and match ones in element option (if that 
option is different from `nil`).

All inputs have to be added before starting the pipeline and should not be changed
during mixer's work.

Mixing and interleaving is tested only for integer audio formats.
### Mixer

> Provided element adds samples from all pads and clips the result to the maximum value for given 

Reviewer: I think `provided` is less suitable when there are more than one element

```suggestion
The Mixer adds samples from all pads and clips the result to the maximum value for given 
```
